ROOM 1

You wake up. You are on a stiff bed in a small, generic room 
with basic living necessities. The room seems old, partially ruined.
there is one door, in an arbitrary direction that will be designated as north.

There is a clock, a pocketknife, and a notebook in the room."

The notebook hold furiously scratched notes about cake, fire, and lies. and a cute drawing of a 
cube with a heart on it.

ROOM 2 (North of ROOM 1)
Through the door is an old, empty facility with walls that have collected years of dust
no lights are on, but there seems to be sunlight coming in from the roof.

In the center of this large room is a room with large windows, glass doors, and antennas (ROOM 3)
to the east is a wooden door. (ROOM 4)
to the west is a massive metal hatch in the wall, obviously sealed shut and locked, with lots of warning lights
that have no power.

if someone says "hatch", there is a slot that looks like it can recieve a spherical object, and that it has a 
very reflective surface on it, somehow void of the dust that cover this place

ROOM 3 (WITHIN ROOM 2)
in the glass room, there is a large array of switches and controls, all out of power
there is a flashlight there, as well as a first aid kit

ROOM 4 (EAST OF ROOM 2)
through the wooden door, is a pitch black room.
turn on the flashlight, and you see the words (auxillary power) written on the wall

There is a machine with the word generator on the wall behind it, as well as a switch in the on position,
but it doesn't make connection(the pocketknife can be jammed there to establish connetion, but 
electrocutes the player if not in off position) so yes, someone can die in the demo TROLLOLOLZ  

the warning light to the right of the hatch rotates annoyingly. the one on the left seems to have burnt out and 
there is now glass on the ground.

returning to the glass room (ROOM 3), none of the switches are on, but there is one blinking red light and a button that says
"receive signal"

press it, and you hear a loud, metallic clang on the floor behind you

there is a metallic orb on the ground, very metllic and shiny, perfectly smooth except for an indentation,
placed symmetrically around the orb. (not seen by player, this thing holds a gem
found in the game, and will open the ending when in the right
room with the gem in the ball.)

pick it up.

and you are instantly teleported into a new place (ROOM 5)

ROOM 5 (After Teleportation from ROOM 4)
You stand in a bare abandoned laboratory, still clutching the orb. The smell of electricity is in the air as you step down from a raised platform in the middle of the room. 
You see a single door to the west (ROOM 6) but realize it is locked electronically, requiring a palm scan to unlock it.
You see an open compartment with what looks like a dart gun (DARTGUN) in it.

If you try to go west, you try to scan your palm, and surprisingly, you hear a short BEEP and the door slides open.

ROOM 6 (WEST OF ROOM 5)
You are in a hallway. There are doors to the east (ROOM 5), north (ROOM 7) and south (Can't enter, door is barricaded).
There are signs above each of the doors but two of them are so rusted you can't make out a word.
The sign over the south door shows "STAIRWELL".
In what you hope is red paint, you see the words "GET DOWNSTAIRS IF YOU STILL CAN." scrawled in large letters across a wall.
You hear dripping in the distance.

ROOM 7 (NORTH OF ROOM 6)
You enter into a spacious hall. There are long tables with benches on either side on them along the sides of the room.
Judging by the layout of the room, you conclude that it used to be a cafeteria of some sort. A smell of decay fills your nose and make you feel slightly nauseous.
There is a counter near the back of the room with boxes of food. Most are empty, but you see a chocolate bar (CHOCOLATE) as well as a bottle something called ZipFizz (ZIPFIZZ).
To the south is a door leading back to the hallway (ROOM 6)
To the east is a small door leading to what is presumably a restroom. (ROOM 8)
To the north is another door with a palm scanner (ROOM 9)
The sound of dripping is louder here, with a slight sizzle after each drip.
If you try to scan:
Again, the door opens for you, after scanning your hand.

ROOM 8 - RESTROOM (EAST OF ROOM 7)
A door to the west leads back to the cafeteria (ROOM 7)
You have found the source of the smell. In the restroom, two unidentifiable dead bodies slump against a wall. 
Their bodies are covered with bite marks, and their limbs look as if they were torn off.
One of the bodies wears a lab coat, in his hands he cradles a device (DEVICE), his last act seemed to be protecting the device.
The other body is even more mangled, but you conclude that he was a janitor based on the ring of keys(JANITORKEYS) he has looped on around his belt.

ROOM 9 (NORTH OF ROOM 7)
You walk into the room and right on to the edge of a gaping hole.
You have found the source of the dripping sounds:
A giant vat of what is presumably strong acid lies partially smashed on one end of the room. After an indeterminable time, the acid has corroded into the ground.
Acid continues to drip on to the floor below, sizzling as it comes into contact with the tiled floor. 
Once your eyes adjusted to the low light, you see a blue glint on the other side of the room; it seems the acid had also destroyed part of a safe.
However, you can't reach the safe because of the huge hole in the middle of the room.
A door to the south leads back to the cafeteria (ROOM 7).
You can climb down the hole to the floor below, but you won't be able to return. (ROOM 10)
If the player chooses to USE metallic orb, the blue gem (sapphire) would be attracted to the orb. 
It flies across the room and embeds itself on one of the indentations of the orb.

BY CLIMBING INTO THE HOLE, YOU ARE ABANDONING THE ENTIRE FLOOR.

ROOM 10 (BELOW ROOM 9)
You're in another hallway. The walls are covered with peeling wallpaper, with brown, foul smelling stains splattered on them.
There is a door to the north (ROOM 11) and another to the south (ROOM 12).
The only light in the hallway comes from the hole in the ceiling and the sound of acid dripping and sizzling fills the hallway.
You hear a scraping noise in the distance.

ROOM 11 (NORTH OF ROOM 10)
You walk into what seems to be yet another laboratory.
You are startled to see posters with your face on them plastered all over the room.
A whiteboard hangs on a wall. On it are descriptions of DNA sequences and what looks suspiciously like a picture of your forearm.
A scientific journal (JOURNAL) lies on a desk. (This journal explains that the scientists were attempting to create a clone of an influencial politican
but failed repeatedly. The failed experiments grew feral and violent and were kept under lock. The journal ends by stating that the scientists had isolated 
the problematic gene and are working on a serum to cure it.)
A door to the south leads back to the hallway (ROOM 10).

ROOM 12 (SOUTH OF ROOM 11)
You enter the room and immediately see a door east(leading to ROOM 13) blocked(LOCKEDDOOR) by two... legless beings (ZOMBIES).
You are surprised to see that these are still alive, but enable to move foward.
The scraping noise is caused by their clawing of the floor, and upon noticing you they look up.
You are startled to see that they both have the exact same face. Your face.
In fact, they look exactly like you, except for the minor detail of not having legs.
A door to the north leads back to the hallway. (ROOM 10)

(TWO THINGS BLOCK THE WAY FORWARD: THE ZOMBIES AND THE LOCKED DOOR. THE PLAYER WOULD FIRST HAVE TO SHOOT THE ZOMBIES WITH THE DART GUN
AND THEN OPEN THE DOOR USING THE JANITOR KEYS)

ROOM 13 (EAST OF ROOM 12)
You walk in and immediately get hit by a foul stench. There are dead bodies everywhere. 
Most have decomposed to the bone, but you make out some details: The bodies wearing lab coats are missing limbs while the others looks exactly alike.
Like you.
One of the bodies wearing a lab coat clutches a a few pieces of paper. (NOTES)
There is a door to the weat (BACK TO ROOM 12) and another to the east. (ROOM 14), but it is blocked by a hatch that looks like it can receive a spherical object.
You feel sick and want to get out of the room as soon as possible.

(By reading the notes, the player learns that the serum created by the scientists to suppress the feral genes was tested on a clone but it only enhanced its strength. It murdered the scientists in the lab, and freed the rest of the clones. The clones started to hunt the scientists and attacking them.
The remaining survivors barricaded themselves in this room for a week, but the clones were relentless. The scientists knew that they would die of starvation if they didn't try to escape, and seeing as the mysterious door to the east would not budge, their only option was to fight their way out.)

(IF PLAYER USES ORB[WITH GEM] IN THE ROOM, THE DOOR SLIDES OPEN.)
ROOM 14(EAST OF ROOM 13) FINAL ROOOOOOOOM!
You walk into a futuristic room with sleek metal walls on all sides. A single large screen dominates the far end, opposite the door.
Big bold letters spell out "CONTINUE?" on the screen.
Right below the screen is a big red button.
There is a door to the west (ROOM 13).
Type "Continue" to press the BIG RED BUTTON!

IF PLAYER TYPES "CONTINUE", THE FOLLOWING TEXT APPEARS:
"Your right hand balls into a fist, ready to satisfy your urge of slamming the seductively-huge red button. 
As you bring your fist down, memories come flooding back. You're struck with a massive sense of deja vu as you realize that you've done this a million times.
You try hard to retract your fist, but it is too late - inertia has taken over at this point, and you can only watch in despair as your fist slam on to the button.
A bright flash blinds you and you realize that you are on the ground."

RESTART THE GAME LOOP, FOLKS!
