Tasks
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
add to this list as you see fit
but of course, don't get carried away   ;)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Items: Items need to be able to be the following:
	edible
	movable/keepable
	environmental (affects the description of the room it's in)
	enemies?	 --a form of environmental, not needed for demo
	throwable
	dropable
	openable
	perishable?	-- not needed for demo
	shootable? 	-- not needed for demo
	interact (having the right key allows certain actions to be performed, probably doable through environmental items)
	
	
Rooms: rooms need to:
	be affected by environmental items
	point to its neighbors' locations
	short description
	long description
	changable? (or will change be completely handled by items?)
	hold items
	

Player: the player needs to:
	traverse rooms
	carry out actions (parse instcuctions)
	carry items(have invntory)
	see current inventory
	
	
we need 4-5 working rooms for demo


rough storyboard for demo:
"you wake up. You are on a stiff bed in a small, generic room 
with basic living necessities. The room seems old, partially ruined.
there is one door, in an arbitrary direction that will be designated as north.

There is a clock, a painting, a pocketknife, and a notebook in the room."

behind the painting is a button that does...something further down the road than the demo
the notebook hold furiously scratched notes about cake, fire, and lies. and a cute drawing of a 
cube with a heart on it

through the door is an old, empty facility with walls that have collected years of dust
no lights are on, but there seems to be sunlight coming in from the roof

in the center of this large room is a room with large windows, glass doors, and antennas
to the east is a wooden door
to the west is a massive metal hatch in the wall, obviously sealed shut and locked, with lots of warning lights
that have no power. 

if someone says "hatch", there is a slot that looks like it can recieve a spherical object, and that it has a 
very reflective surface on it, somehow void of the dust that cover this place

in the glass room, there is a large array of switches and controls, all out of power
there is a flashlight there, as well as a first aid kit

through the wooden door, is a pitch black room.
turn on the flashlight, and you see the words (auxillary power) written on the wall

There is a machine with the word generator on the wall behind it, as well as a switch in the on position,
but it doesn't make connection(the pocketknife can be jammed there to establish connetion, but 
electrocutes the player if not in off position) so yes, someone can die in the demo TROLLOLOLZ  

the warning light to the right of the hatch rotates annoyingly. the one on the left seems to have burnt out and 
there is now glass on the ground.

returning to the glass room, none of the switches are on, but there is one blinking red light and a button that says
"receive signal"

press it, and you hear a loud, metallic clang on the floor behind you

there is a metallic orb on the ground, very metllic and shiny, perfectly smooth except for four indentations,
placed symmetrically around the orb. (not seen by player, this thing holds four gems
distributed thoughout the game, and will open the ending when in the right
room with all four gems in the ball)

pick it up.

and you are instantly teleported into a new place, where the demo ends!








	
	
